(Kim Lip and Chuu checking each other's heartbeat)
Chuu: Do not speak!
Chuu: I can' hear your heartbeat
Kim Lip: Gosh, a piano came out on stage!
Chuu: Huh! Piano?
Kim Lip: What should I do? I'm scary!
'Are you going to play a piano today?'
Kim Lip: (What a twist) Nope
Chuu: Yes~
Chuu: I do!
Kim Lip: Oh, right~
Kim Lip: Cheer up~
Chuu: Her heart is not working, I guess!
Kim Lip: What? It's working!
(Actually, her heart was racing so hard all day long!)
(Of course, JinSoul and Choerry felt nervous as well!)
JinSoul: I'm really nervous!
JInSoul: Ah~
JinSoul: So nervous right now~
Choerry: But you know, we're ODD EYE CIRCLE
Choerry: We can do well!
(So, they won't be nervous?)
(No way, they were so nervous even until they go up on stage!)
Kim Lip: I've never been so nervous like this
JinSoul: Right, so nervous
JinSoul: (Suddenly) acting cool!
JinSoul: (Joke) I'm not nervous at all~
Choerry: (Serious) I'm nervous~
(But Kim Lip is different...)
(So Choerry decided to cheer her up!)
Choerry: Okay, you can enjoy it!
Choerry: It would be better if you empty your mind~
(So Choerry decided to cheer her up!)
JinSoul: No I can't!
Choerry: Like... 'Okay, just enjoy it'
Choerry: Ah, did you see that she changed her hair color to black?
Choerry: I guess fans' response will be pretty hot~
(She can't hear that now... she's just nervous...)
JinSoul: I took a calming pill called 'Chungsimhwan' for the first time in my life
Kim Lip: Me too
Kim Lip: Look, Chuu told me that the calming pill's effect would work depending on the person!
Kim Lip: So I took it an hour and a half ago!
Kim Lip: But now I know that I took it too early!
Jinsoul: You know? I took it too late!
JinSoul: I wasn't nervous like this even at the debut concert!